<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ryg_z5x_kz" audience="Armando">
    <title>Jumbo Chickpea Pancake</title>
    <shortdesc>Ever make pancakes out of chickpeas? Why not try it?</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq> <b> Ingredients</b>.
            <ul>
                <li>1 green onion, finely chopped (about 1/4 cup)</li>
                <li>1/4 cup finely chopped red pepper</li>
                <li>1/2 cup chickpea flour (also known as garbanzo flour or besan)</li>
                <li>1/4 teaspoon garlic powder</li>
                <li>1/4 teaspoon fine grain sea salt</li>
                <li>1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper</li>
                <li>1/4 teaspoon baking powder</li>
                <li>pinch red pepper flakes (optional)</li>
                <li>1/2 cup + 2 tablespoons water</li>
                <li>For serving: salsa, avocado, hummus, cashew cream (optional)</li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context><b>Instructions</b></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Prepare the vegetables and set aside. Preheat a 10-inch skillet over medium heat.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In a small bowl, whisk together the chickpea flour, garlic powder, salt, pepper, baking powder, and optional red pepper flakes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the water and whisk well until no clumps remain. I like to whisk it for a good 15 seconds to create lots of air bubbles in the batter.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Stir in the chopped vegetables.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the skillet is pre-heated (a drop of water should sizzle on the pan), spray it liberally with olive oil or other non stick cooking spray.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pour on all of the batter (if making 1 large pancake) and quickly spread it out all over the pan. Cook for about 5-6 minutes on one side (timing will depend on how hot your pan is), until you can easily slide a pancake flipper/spatula under the pancake and it's firm enough not to break when flipping. Flip pancake carefully and cook for another 5 minutes, until lightly golden. Be sure to cook for enough time as this pancake takes much longer to cook compared to regular pancakes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Serve on a large plate and top with your desired toppings. Leftovers can be wrapped up and placed in the fridge. Reheat on a skillet until warmed throughout.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
